Image had missing callouts (#458)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/onboard-cd/cd-concepts/cd-pipeline-modeling-overview.md

![](./static/cd-pipeline-modeling-overview-02.png)

> You can model visually, using code, or via the REST API.
> 
> (1) Deployment Pipelines Menu
> (2) Deployment Stage Icon
> (3) Service Selection
> (4) Infrastructure and Environment Selection
> (5) Execution Steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The image above shows you the order for modeling a CD stage:

1. Create a pipeline.
2. Add a CD stage.
3. Define a service.
4. Target an environment and infrastructure.
5. Select execution steps.

You can model visually, using code, or via the REST API.
```

Reviewer: revised to meet our style guide and provide a little more detail.
